All right, let's go ahead and look at this section here, where we can show a list of books that we've
read.
OK, so right after these two closing remarks there and we put another if statement if if you model
that data.
And value loading.
It's true because I'm going to be loading some books here, then I'm going to say linear progress.
Indicator show that else, then I'm just going to start putting together the info somewhere, put a
divider first noticed this is going to be this divider there something nice and I'm going to add a lazy
column, this lazy column.
I'm going to play modifier to fight a fire feel max and then that feel height.
This.
And then I'm going to pack content padding values there for the content padding and with the padding
values all about 16, so we're going to have these padding value for all the corners in Saturday's lazy
column.
There's one lambda here.
We are going to filter again the books by finished.
So I'm going to say filter books by finished ones.
OK, so I see if I'll read books again.
It's going to be a list containing am books objects when I do the same thing we did before anything
new.
Put it in sort of if statement here I'm going to check if our view model go to data, go through all
of that value and get actual data is null or empty, if that's the case.
Snot, no.
So we have data I'm going to see if you modelled in data value data.
I'm going to go ahead and filter again, so I and book.
Like that, so I'm going to say and book check user ID again is equal to the current user.
Heidi.
And we're not sure that these are read, they're finished, right?
It's not, no.
Like this, so you need on the case, that's not true, then I'm just going to pass an empty list to
our read books.
All right.
So once we have that set up, then I can invoke the items from.
There and I want a list like this, I can pass items.
It's going to be read books and we have passed lambda there.
So this is where we're going to say Book Pro.
Are we created before this book grow?
How convenient.
I'm going to just pass here.
Our this is going to be, let's just say, book and pass her book.
Now we're going to have a problem here because our book row expect a different type.
It requires item book, which is the from our Jason right now.
One thing I can do just for this one time I'm going to get this book composable.
I just copy this and just add one here.
Let's set everything OK instead of item, I'm going to say M book in this case.
Lots of issues.
OK, let's copy again and go here and paste it all in there.
OK, we'll change this to M Book the type.
Let's make sure we.
Put all the things that need to be imported, that's fine.
And this book row.
This is what I'm going to be calling here.
I'm going to say, Look, let's change this to stats.
And where do you give that?
And it will change all of that information.
OK, so let's see.
Copy this.
OK, this has to be outside, let me.
Looks like I'm making a mistake here, OK, let's cut all of this out.
And put outside like that, OK, I think this will work, OK.
There we go.
Book starts now is being recognized.
It can pass the book that book type and for now, let's go back to book stats.
I don't want to do anything you.
We're going to change because this is different.
So book this book now to get images all with you.
It's a book that.
Photo URL.
Like this?
That to string is empty.
Then we take that else, we're just going to go ahead and get to that book.
Look, that photo are out.
And not to string like that, and it's just going to change the title directly like that.
And sure, we need to pass a few things so it's to string in the popular state.
And the categories.
And there we go.
OK.
A lot of restructuring here, that's a fair let's see what else are we missing?
In this case, I'm not going to pass that because I don't want to go anywhere when these are clicks,
I guess remove this altogether.
OK, so let's save this and run should be able to see all the books this.
User has read.
OK, let's click, and while this book, this person has read one book, which makes sense if you go
back and say This matters, read Update, we go back, we should see two books.
OK, so the more books they read.
And update.
We can see now the they're not reading any books, right?
They're saying they're.
However, they have read three books and one two three.
OK, so it is indeed working, this is wonderful, so you can go ahead and add a few books here, something
is loading.
David, go what took a little while?
Get that book!
Looks like the internet is not the best at this point.
So the same books that search for something else eating pasta?
OK, there you go.
Internet is really slow, but there it is.
The books are showing an endless load.
OK, I'm going go ahead and save.
Go back.
Voila!
So books are being added, I can go ahead and add.
Here, Mark started.
And he can see we're reading this book and I can go and change.
Say Mark, updates done.
And voila!
So we're able to really get this app to work Friend lives in does exactly what we wanted to do.
Wonderful.
Congratulations.